I welcome to dismantle and this much all we're going to have a look at maps and SATs no maps and SATs
are two new kinds of collections.
It's really used with 6 until now with ESX you're probably aware we mostly got a rate which basically
allows us to well have multiple elements multiple values in one single object in one single wild variable
.
In the end probably.
And of course because got objects which also are kind of like collections with their field value pairs
though they're really more than that of course.
So not really we don't have an equivalent to the classic map for example which exists in a lot of other
languages.
Well now we have with map here and from this module I'll show you a map and set work and that both objects
map objects and set object all to God.
Well a number of variation all said and what the sense of that variation is so let's dive into that